# RomanNumeralChallenge
Roman Numeral Challenge for BYU OIT programming job
<p>I spent about 5 hours. I know there was a 4 hour time limit, and I document in my code where I was at the end of 4 hours. I went over time because at first I was using a stack to store the individual numerals (it made logical sense at the time, since they read from one direction only and you only need to see 2 numerals at a time at the most, like if you're using subtractive notation) but as I began to implement functions to regulate input, I found it very inconvienient. So, I spent about 2 hours reworking everything using a vector instead of a stack. I could've stopped at 4 hours then, but honestly it would have bothered me to no end to turn in a program that doesn't work, plus I was having too much fun (and i couldnt justify continuing to work on it after tunring it in with so much other school work to do) trying to figure out simpler and shorter methods than on my first go. I feel like I mostly did that. Anyways, hopefully turning in over 4 hours work doesn't count too much aganst me.</p>

<p>The RomanNumeral.h file is the first one I worked on, and I decided to include it so you can see what I did with my first 3 hours, even though I've commented the whole thing out. The Numeral.h file is the one where I spent my last two hours, trying to do a better job. Once again, I hope I'm not too heavily penalized for that. I just couldn't bring myself to turn in code that wasn't satisfactory, especially when I knew how to fix it. </p>
